Todo shortcuts:
    // Put a ":" at the end of a heading to make it a heading
    // To enter a new point under a heading, use shortcut "ctrl + enter"
    // To enter a time that that you think it is going to take, add '@1h' at the end
    // You can press the @ key to make something critical, high, low or today
    // To mark something as finished, you can
    // 'Cmd/Ctrl+Enter' // Triggers `Todo: Toggle Box`
    // 'Alt+D' // Triggers `Todo: Toggle Done`
    // 'Alt+C' // Triggers `Todo: Toggle Cancelled`
    // 'Alt+S' // Triggers `Todo: Toggle Start`
    // 'Cmd/Ctrl+Shift+A' // Triggers  `Todo: Archive`  This will archive finished todos
    // Ctrl+shift+P and type todo and then "open embedded todos" too see what todos you have in your work

Features todo list:
    ☐ NEXT WILL BE TO BRING EVERYTHING TOGETHER SO THAT THE EXCEL SHEET CAN WORK MOSTLY ON ITS OWN THROUGH A VPN
    ☐ Create system where I can upload server with new code and test in the factory in such a way that it does not interfere in working
        ☐ production code. Maybe have two different folders for code, and just alter where the server looks at, like port 80 is the new
        ☐ code, and when it does not work, make port 80 look back to the old code again.
    ☐ Load PnP order again, and allow a way to activate or deactivate orders. Maybe not delete them, just deactivate them. Maybe delete them for just incase
    ✔ Make so that it shows "pallet #"/"out of how many pallets" @done(19-05-15 09:55)
    ✔ Make a summary of all the pallets and the products on them for Phillip and Manager @done(19-05-15 15:58)
    ☐ Show the total amount of tons that the order has, this must be done in a reusable service (Maybe create somethign where if order data is
        ☐ given through, it uses that data, else it will go and retrieve the data from the server) So if you just want to quickly get
        ☐ the total of the order of the day you already have, then give it through, that way you do not have to again go and get the data
        ☐ from the server, else if the array is empty, then go and get the data.
    ☐ Make a summary of all the products for all the regions together in its own service

Common bug reports:
    ✔ Sometimes "report-read-api.service.ts:81" will show that all daily reports EVER have been collected from the server. This may be because data is @done(19-02-04 14:48)
        ✔ collected without timestamp being available yet. This obviously takes a lot of time, and will become worst as time goes on. @done(19-02-04 14:48)
    ☐ There is a big bug which happens once a year where come way you can reply to a post, but the timestamp of the reply and the timestamp of the original post is
        ☐ different. This just leads the program to keep looking for the one or other post and the freezes.

Checklist module:
    ☐  When ever adding a check, the subscriptions accumelate, so every time you enter a check the subscriptions become more and more

Daily report module:
    ✔ Make more settings where if you want to post a new message, then post message button is active, and it posts a new message, @done(19-01-16 12:51)
        ✔ Else if you want to edit then have it show an edit button, and this will update the message @done(19-01-16 12:51)
    ✔ Make report message reload after a post @1h @done(19-01-16 17:28) @high
    ✔ Allow user to edit message @2h @started(19-01-16 08:34) @done(19-01-16 17:28) @lasted(8h54m55s)
    ☐ Re-shuffle the reply data. At the moment the last replies are shown first.
    ☐ Add time that message was posted to header element
    ☐ Square up the outgoing frontend api interface to match with the backend RESTapi modules
    ✔ All delete and edit options is available for every user!! @done(19-01-18 08:12) @critical
    ✔ Add a version number @30min @done(19-01-18 08:12) @low
    ✔ Edit message does not keep the messageLevel that it had before editing @30m @started(19-01-17 07:31) @done(19-01-17 12:51) @lasted(5h20m13s)
    ✔ When you edit, but decide to go back to menu, then all settings must reset, so reset settings must run every time you enter report @30m @done(19-01-17 15:13)
    ✔ Create an interface that the edit report data has to comply with when sending to Backend @30m @done(19-01-17 14:50)

Dispatch stock take:

    Bug Fixes:
        ☐ When you change the date, then all the truck subscriptions that you had open also get update.
            ☐ Load a few routes (maybe 4), and then when you change the date it will give you 4 subscriptions (after selectiong a route and getting the data, it should unsubscribe)
        ☐ When you change the date, the routes do not get updated based on the new date, they stay with the old date @critical
        ☐ When you shift stock from pre to post data, if pre data has 0 stock and you shift then it just stays 0, and should become -10

    // Everything starts at stocktake at meatrite. (So the stock must be taken)
    // There should always just be one meatrite stock, you can have stock that says different times, but this will be a copy of the stock that is showing as the latest stock.
    Features:

        ☐ Get MR stock into the system
        ☐ Get intransit stock
        ☐ Get orders read in
        ✔ Change stock around @done(19-02-21 10:31)
            ✔ Load pre and post stock, then have arrows pushing them left or right @done(19-02-21 10:31)
        ✔ Have a total stock page. This shows you the pre, post and leakers added togther, with the new stock that came in, @done(19-02-20 16:41)
            ✔ minus the stock that went out. Take that total and minus it from what you actually have. @done(19-02-20 16:41)
        ☐ Get stock loaded on truck

        ☐ Create a stocktake table, that takes one of each stock, and also the different batches. (Below you create a batch table as well)
            ☐ Fields should include:
                ☐ Product name (one-to-one) fk with products
                ☐ Amount available
                ☐ Stock taken by
                ☐ Should stock be closed for clearing by default
                ☐ At the products table, maybe make a window that gives a value of how much a product count can be out (differ) before throwing a flag
            ☐ Create a batch table, that has all the batches amounts of a certain stock.
                ☐ This way you can have your overhead stocktake, that can be compared directly to your stocktake -
                    ☐ but also you can retrieve what is the batches that a stock consists of.
                ☐ Fields should include:
                ☐ Foreign one-to-many key to batch table
                ☐ Batch number
                ☐ Amount available
                ☐ Day packed
                ☐ Stock taken by
                ☐ Is product available to pick. (Maybe it is not cleared yet, meaning the value will start as false)
        ☐ After product count, make a "reconsiliation" window where you have to square all the differeces
            ☐ This can also just be a route (Reconsile stock) that you can pick (If they work the same)

        // Maybe make it so that it will take a batch code for each stock, and if there are two batch codes that are the same or "null" -
        // then it will add them together, and if they are different, it will make a new item.
        ☐ Create a "Load truck" module
            ☐ Make a menu where you can pick your order
                ☐ One of the reasons that the select box may load without orders, may be because observables are running together (combineLatest) -
                    ☐ instead of running in sequeance. Or actually because we get a datePackage, but the initial value is undefined, where we have to check -
                    ☐ that if this is the case, then we have to run the time observable again until the data is not undefined anymore.
            ✔ Make a place where you can pick your truck number (Maybe more than one truck per route)  // this will not have to happen - @done(19-01-19 10:06)
                ✔ since of all the trucks that needs to be picked, you will see a truck one or two, and can just pick the one you want @done(19-01-19 10:06)
                ✔ The truck numbers should be assigned when reading in the orders @done(19-01-19 10:06)
                ✔ You must just pick a route, and it will give you the totals of all the trucks/clients in that route @done(19-01-23 15:58)
                ✔ But then it must also show you an "All", "1" or "2" buttons for the amounts of trucks @done(19-01-23 15:58)
                ✔ So you can see the products for the whole route, or for the individual trucks. @done(19-01-23 15:58)
                ✔ Trucks (or orders) must have a route name (fk), a truck number (number), and a truck name (route + number (string)) @done(19-01-23 15:58)
                // You need route info, as well as truck info, then when going through all truck routes, you put them in routes and put trucks in routes
                ☐ Also make a button, if you press it then it will get all the truck info, and work out for you how to pick them.
                    ☐ It will have to see that largest truck that can be successfully picked,
                    ☐ Then subtract the items from the stock and go on to the next largest truck.
                ☐ Must still make a function that will add all the orders (clients) together, to get a total of all the orders for the truck/route
            ✔ When you have picked your route, it will load all the orders that needs to be loaded. @done(19-01-23 16:18)
            ✔ First compare the total truck stock that are needed, with the total stock on hand to see if you can load the whole truck @done(19-01-23 16:18)
                ✔ Create a service that takes the data, and returns data where the products are matched (Needed product vs On stock product) @done(19-01-23 16:19)
                ✔ Create a component that shows you what is needed vs what is loaded with any two stockgroups given @done(19-01-23 16:20)
            ✔ Create a row of buttons with all the shops/clients where you can see what must be loaded, and what are loaded (green/red button) @done(19-01-24 08:58)
                ✔ You can then click on an order (client) to start loading it. @done(19-02-04 10:31)
                ☐ Maybe a full and empty truck picture
                ☐ The clients must also be ordered according to ranking field, as they will be delivered.
            ☐ After clicking on the order to load, it shows you what is needed, and next to it what is available (Maybe re-use the above component)
            ✔ You then have an up down arrow, so that when you press the up arrow at the stock side, it increases the truck stock, and decreases the factory stock. @done(19-02-04 10:30)
            ✔ Arrows should have 1, 5, 10, 50 and "total needed" totals that you can choose from @done(19-02-04 10:30)
            ✔ If there are different batches of a product, filter the extra batches, but if more than two you should only be able to take of the @done(19-02-06 15:59)
                ☐ first one, and when it is at zero, then go on to the next one
                ☐ Make sure the batches are ordered when they come in
            ☐ Make a field where you can show the exact time that an order/product was loaded @high

        ☐ It should have borders around the stock showing if there is too little or too much.
        ☐ When you click on truck fininshed, it should add the items to the truck, along with its batch codes, and also update the
        ☐ factory stock. It should then put the stock on pre-hpp (but not checked in - maybe gray), when you unload the truck you will
        ☐ check what is on the truck with what the stock says, click a checkbox if it is alright, and it will turn green at pre-hpp.
        ☐ Then a stocktake is made at post-hpp, showing what was left the previous day, and everything at pre-hpp that can be picked from (or
        ☐ brought over from pre to post hpp might be a better way of saying it.)
        ☐ Then when the truck is loaded again, give the same truck loading screen, but when you pick the route, it gets all the stock that
        ☐ is at hpp, you might have to use a new batch code, as this will be a new truck going from hpp with different products on it.

    Create image upload function:
        ✔ Create a model that contains an ImageField class @done(19-02-01 16:26)
            ✔ image = models.ImageField(upload_to="restaurants/images/", null=True, blank=True) @done(19-02-01 16:26)
        ✔ Create serializer for the model @done(19-02-01 16:26)
        ☐ Limit image size. Maybe 640x400

Work out amount of pallets per truck:
    ☐ Ask if pallets should be worked out per region, or all together
    ☐ Ask if you want to keep products together, or spilt them to create as few pallets as possible
    ☐ Collect the orders for the day in question

Add new product module:
    Data needed to add new product:
        ☐ Product MR id (PSV500)
        ☐ Product description
        ☐ Type of pacakging
        ☐ Single unit weight
        ☐ Package unit weight (Shipping weight)
        ☐ Product on hold
        ☐ Batchgroup (Meaning what batch must be made at the mixer to produce this product - like SV)
        ☐ BatchRanking (This is if you sort all the products made from this batch, where should it rank - like getting all the SV products)
        ☐ ProductGroup (Which group of stores does it belong to - what store group can buy this product)
        ☐ Brand, what brand does it belong to, not who can buy it, but more specifically what logo is on the packaging
        ☐ The image that comes with the brand (Actually this is the image of the packaging that it is in)
        ☐ User id that filled in the product

Make summary Module (Version 2):
    Data needed for summary module:
        ☐ A list of the stock that came in on this day (Not the order, all the stock that was on the truck)
            ☐ This may be an "order" that gets made up and put in, where the destination is instead of a shop, it will be HPP
            ☐ So you get the info in the same table where you get the info of what needs to be on a truck for any route (All the orders of the truck put together)
        ☐ From the same Table, get the list of all the stock that came in on the previous day as well
            ☐ So get the order that was made out for Hpp for the previous day
        ☐ A list of the stock that went out to PnP, this will basically be the orders for that day, minus what was not delivered
            ☐ Again from the orders table, just get that order of that day where the client is PnP
        ☐ The stock-take list of that day, of the stock that is left over, and also of the total leakers for that day
            ☐ This is just a list that gets read in
        ☐ The stock-take list of the previous day, as well as the leakers.
            ☐ This is just the previous list with a different day
        ☐ A list of all the stock that was picked that day, this may be stock for orders on different days.
            ☐ Give the order list, and show all the products, then increase the products that were picked, save the timeStamp the increase
            ☐ (change) was made, and then to see what stock was picked that day, just go and pull all the orders and amounts for that days timestamp.
            ☐ There might be a problem here due to the fact that if you picked 35 today, and tomorrow you pick another 5,
            ☐ it will say that you picked 40 on day two. So maybe another many-to-many table that saves the timestamp, amount, order, and product.


☐ Todo before leaveing
        ☐ PnP print sheet for hpp must work with normal program and not just loaded program
        ☐ PnP products where it gets them, can not be hard coded
        ☐ All the programs that has to get loaded when a server restarts (Microservices)
        ☐ Create batchgroup form
            ☐ Get all batch groups
            ☐ Show in list
            ☐ Crete button to add batch group that opens small form
            ☐ Insert batch group and refresh list
        ☐ Create productlist form
        ☐ Create product containers form
        ☐ Greate product group list (If necesarry, this will almost not be done again)
        ☐ Create a list of orders that WERE inserted at pnp just to show something is happening
        ☐ Looks like when adding an order it does not pick up if you add the same product twice, trying to add a product again should give you an error
        ☐ HUGE BUG WHERE ORDER CACHE DOES NOT FILTER BY YEAR, NEED TO BRING A YEAR COLUMN IN AS WELL
