✔ Auto create batches @done(20-10-29 15:54)
☐ Move containers around (Best might be to just have a list with all containers and move them up and down)
☐ Change look when reading in batches
☐ Create new containers for pnp batches so that we use batches and not green-lug-1
☐ Move over containers from previous stock take (Get all stock where "useBatches" = true and there last batches with values)
✔ Reset containers @done(20-10-29 15:54)
✘ Create "total stock at the moment" module (This is the current running stock, that gets reset with each stock take, but can also be changed through the shift as stock gets produced) @cancelled(20-12-22 08:48)
    ✘ This is the list that you would look at when you want to know where the laailys got its data from. It is basically the "VoorraadDB" lys. @cancelled(20-12-22 08:48)
    ✘ Total containers should also have a column where it shows the total weight of the prodducts, and not just the amount. In the laailys we are working with weights, and not amounts @cancelled(20-12-22 08:48)
    ✘ We should have a column that says which containers are being used for the laailys - actually every container must be used in the laai lys in some way, else why count it. @cancelled(20-12-22 08:48)
        ✘ (Container = pnp, Container = standard (if it is standard, then we should check if it is boxes or crates)) @cancelled(20-12-22 08:48)
✔ Create internal ids for userids @done(20-11-13 15:14)
☐ Create internal ids for productcontainers
☐ Create internal ids for batches
☐ Create internal ids for timeStamps? // All of these templates can easily be used by other services as well later
☐ Create stock amount update module where you can update the current stock totals as they are
☐ Must be able to delete stocktakeInstances

☐ The Total stock data needs some work where many of the products are in the wrong place, and some new batches need to be created. Also the batches need to be add to the top of the bathces list

✔ Clear batches in stock take first before adding new batches. Right now the new batches jsut gets added on top of the old batches. @done(21-02-09 08:18)
✘ In the beginning we have to just insert all trolleys, and then later we will make them hot or cold with the production program where you move the trollies around @cancelled(21-02-09 08:23)
✔ When stock take is taken, the numbers now is 0 instead of null, which means that the batches are not showing (This means that if a stocktake is not locked, all the amounts should be set to null, else it should be the amount, and if there is no amount it should be 0) @done(21-02-09 10:53)
✔ Delete a stocktake instance, so that everything else will also be deleted @done(21-02-11 10:01)
✔  If there are batches for a product, you must still add the batch of today if it is not there yet. When you add the batch for the "do not show batches group", just add a batch for this group as well @done(21-02-12 11:30)
✔ Excel - What needs to be sorted out are things like blue lugs and pasturized packets. Just pull in all the containers, and then put it into its ritefull place @done(21-02-12 07:46)
✔ New stock take should take batches of previous stock take into account, this is why parent stock take is needed (Or rather just overall stock take, maybe batches were added or changed) @done(21-02-09 15:19)
☐ Sort out the polony laailys
☐ Also, the pnp stock should not be pulled into the laailys sheet, but rather into the PNP sheet, and the days should be put under the correct place
☐ When you go back to an old stock take and batches were counted, you should be able to see the batch number, and not just the amount
☐ Beautify stock lys
☐ Should be able to change stock on stock lys
☐ Change stocktakeInstance so that you can click on the whole card to read it in, instead of the red dot, but the delete mark must still work 
☐ Check why inserting a stocktake takes so long in the backend

---- Finishing up the stock take program ----
☐ When you have a stocktake amount for an item, but there is no container, this might be because the container was discontinued, so you should not get an error because the contianer might have been discontinued even though there are still stock available


☐ NB! NB! NB! Nuwe Producte in lees program met pryse vir hele Meatrite (Must give CEO something to do and check)
☐ NB! Produksie trollies rond skuif program
☐ NB! HPP program
☐ Defekte program
☐ Products service with cost prices
☐ Employees register with warnings
☐ Daily report

After the local server starts the console will display a message confirming that HMR is active:
NOTICE: Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is enabled for the dev server.
See https://webpack.js.org/guides/hot-module-replacement for information on working with HMR for webpack.
Now during development the latest changes to components, templates and styles will be instantly updated into the running application. All without requiring a full page refresh. Data typed into forms are preserved as well as scroll position providing a boost to developer productivity.